Remove remaining use of `JAVA_X_HOME` (#10340)
DataDog/dd-trace-java: docs/how_instrumentations_work.md

./gradle test --rerun-tasks
```

> Running tests that require JDK-21 to be installed, use the `-PtestJvm=21` flag, for example:

Reviewer: <!-- Suggestions are specific requests to improve the subject under review. It is assumed that we all want to do what's best, so these comments are never dismissed as “mere suggestions”, but are taken seriously.  -->
**🎯 suggestion:** ‏How will it work to run with a specific JVM?
For JDK version based criteria, we can set the version number. But what happens for the case where you want to run against a JDK installed in a specific path?

Author: The toolchain will be automatically downloaded with a number or (`zulu11`) e.g. :

```
// -------------> 1% CONFIGURING [10s]
// > :dd-java-agent > :dd-java-agent:agent-iast > Downloading toolchain from URI https://api.foojay.io/disco/v3.0/ids/dc9716d3e8f8baffc294fb182ceca2c2/redirect > https://api.foojay.io/disco/v3.0/ids/dc9716d3e8f8baffc294fb182ceca2c2/redirect > 80 MiB/104.5 MiB downloaded
```

That said provisioning won't work oracle as it cannot be provisonned automatically, so it has to be installed manually in a location that Gradle know about.

About JVM paths, this was already handled with the `dd-trace-java.test-jvm-contraints` plugin, so passing `-PtestJvm=/path/to/fancy/jvm/` will use that jvm for tests.

https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-java/blob/f13392e02e701ba55f2619fa7f5e7d460f458ec6/buildSrc/src/main/kotlin/datadog/gradle/plugin/testJvmConstraints/TestJvmSpec.kt#L159-L161

Reviewer: Interesting, it's indeed the expected behavior.
This should be described from the documentation as it is a recurrent question and it just changes.

> Running tests that require JDK-21 to be installed, use the `-PtestJvm=21` flag, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run tests that require JDK-21 to be installed by using the `-PtestJvm=21` flag. For example:
```
